Update Jetpack 12.5-a.1 Readme (#32205)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

## 12.5-a.1 - 2023-08-01
### Enhancements
- AI Assistant: various backend improvements.

> - AI Assistant: Disable feedback button if post is empty [#32122]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AI Assistant: disable feedback button if post is empty [#32122]
```

- Block editor: add Google Photo integration to Gutenberg's Media Sidebar for Jetpack connected sites. [#32047]
- Dashboard: update the SEO hide page control from a checkbox to a toggle. [#32059]
- Donation block: display the default Stripe currency in the Donation block and add a "check" icon next to the selected currency in the currency dropdown [#31795]

> - Dashboard: update the likes and sharing button controls in the Jetpack sidebarffrom checkboxes to toggles. [#32060]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dashboard: update the likes and sharing button controls in the Jetpack sidebar from checkboxes to toggles. [#32060]
```
